you've got Park vehicles coming through
you've got trucks loaded up with
charcoal and that's why America it's
just so tense about crossing the road
with just him finally so he's just
waiting nervously
for a quiet time to cross with these all
family I feel for him after 20 minutes
we take matters into our own hands
and Lambert stops the traffic no vehicle
that's confidence for you with Chema
Nuka in charge the orphan Murali is
confident enough to venture out whoa
Oh fantastic oh my gosh look at this the
whole marina and his mother are almost
the last ones to break cover and scamper
over absolute confidence like with all
the youngsters across safely Jimmy Lucca
can stop being the lollipop man the boss
showing us that despite there's a road
running through this is still his jungle
it's a great relief to see the whole
family across the road in safety this
area is more densely forested than the
sections we've been in before
it's criss crossed with gorilla trails
so there are clearly other families
around an MU guru cos arrival just adds
to the numbers
many times oh my water right down onto
the road
amazing he didn't even know I thought
maybe stop a bit bit reluctant but cause
he came meters for me to see him out in
the open like that you see how big he is
amazing
you